README.md, before:

# Discord.RSS Web

A web server for https://github.com/synzen/Discord.RSS to manage your feeds. The backend is built with Express with server-side sessions, and a RESTful API. The front end is built with create-react-app (in ./client folder), with Redux and React Router. User authentication is done via Discord's OAuth2.

**For the main npm bot repository, see https://github.com/synzen/Discord.RSS**

**For the bot repository to clone for personal non-programmatic use, see https://github.com/synzen/Discord.RSS-Clone** 

# Preview

Mobile responsive UI, built according to Discord's theme with Discord's blessing

![UI Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/CD8mbRh.png)

# Development:

### Backend

1. `npm install` in this directory to install backend requisites
2. Set up variables under web configuration in config.json
   - `config.bot.clientID` (Bot Client ID)
   - `config.bot.clientSecret` (Bot Client Secret)
   - `config.bot.sessionSecret` (Set to some random string)
   - `config.bot.redirectURI` (Discord OAuth2 Redirect URI - set to http://domain.xyz/authorize - replace domain what whatever yours is)
3. Start the bot normally (`node server`)

### Frontend

1. `npm install` in ./client to install frontend requisites
2. Make sure the proxy's URL port for create-react-app in ./client/package.json is set to `config.http.port`
3. If developing the Control Panel which requires OAuth2 authentication, you must authenticate yourself via the following steps:
    - Make sure the backend is running
    - Go to http://localhost:SERVER_PORT/login, replacing `SERVER_PORT` replaced with whatever you set in `config.http.port`
    - Authorize application to Discord
4. `npm start` in ./client
5. Go to http://localhost:3000 (as specified in the npm start section of [web/client/README.md](https://github.com/synzen/Discord.RSS/blob/dev/web/client/README.md)). This is the development version over the server, not the built one.
6. Edit the files in src/js folder
7. When finished editing, publish the development files with `npm run build` in ./client.
8. The changes are now built and live on https://localhost:SERVER_PORT where `SERVER_PORT` = `config.http.port`


Note that if you don't do step 5, the files being served are NOT from the webpack dev server - it's from the built files from `npm run build`. For live changes, make sure to do step 5.

## API Tests

Run `npm test`

Commit message:

Include Heroku and Glitch button

README.md, after:

# Discord.RSS Web

A web server for https://github.com/synzen/Discord.RSS to manage your feeds. The backend is built with Express with server-side sessions, and a RESTful API. The front end is built with create-react-app (in ./client folder), with Redux and React Router. User authentication is done via Discord's OAuth2.

**For the main npm bot repository, see https://github.com/synzen/Discord.RSS**

**For the bot repository to clone for personal non-programmatic use, see https://github.com/synzen/Discord.RSS-Clone** 

# Preview

Mobile responsive UI, built according to Discord's theme with Discord's blessing

![UI Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/CD8mbRh.png)

### Deploy to Heroku

You can deploy the bot in a simple way to Heroku using the button below. [Click here for detailed instructions](https://github.com/synzen/Discord.RSS/issues/45).

<!-- [![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy) -->

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://dashboard.heroku.com/new?button-url=https://github.com/synzen/Discord.RSS-Web&template=https://github.com/synzen/Discord.RSS-Web/tree/dev)

*If you want to deploy manually you can [follow this guide](https://github.com/synzen/Discord.RSS/issues/95).*

### Hosting on Glitch

Click the button below to import the code to Glitch. Wait for the importing process to complete, make your project private and fill in the [Configuration](https://github.com/synzen/Discord.RSS/wiki/Configuration). Use a tool like [Uptime Robot](https://uptimerobot.com/) to prevent the bot from going offline.

[![Remix on Glitch](https://cdn.glitch.com/2703baf2-b643-4da7-ab91-7ee2a2d00b5b%2Fremix-button.svg)](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/import/github/synzen/Discord.RSS)

You can use [MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/cloud/atlas) for the MongoDB database and [Redis Labs](https://redislabs.com/) for the Redis database.

The web port for Glitch is 3000.


# Development:

### Backend

1. `npm install` in this directory to install backend requisites
2. Set up variables under web configuration in config.json
   - `config.bot.clientID` (Bot Client ID)
   - `config.bot.clientSecret` (Bot Client Secret)
   - `config.bot.sessionSecret` (Set to some random string)
   - `config.bot.redirectURI` (Discord OAuth2 Redirect URI - set to http://domain.xyz/authorize - replace domain what whatever yours is)
3. Start the bot normally (`node server`)

### Frontend

1. `npm install` in ./client to install frontend requisites
2. Make sure the proxy's URL port for create-react-app in ./client/package.json is set to `config.http.port`
3. If developing the Control Panel which requires OAuth2 authentication, you must authenticate yourself via the following steps:
    - Make sure the backend is running
    - Go to http://localhost:SERVER_PORT/login, replacing `SERVER_PORT` replaced with whatever you set in `config.http.port`
    - Authorize application to Discord
4. `npm start` in ./client
5. Go to http://localhost:3000 (as specified in the npm start section of [web/client/README.md](https://github.com/synzen/Discord.RSS/blob/dev/web/client/README.md)). This is the development version over the server, not the built one.
6. Edit the files in src/js folder
7. When finished editing, publish the development files with `npm run build` in ./client.
8. The changes are now built and live on https://localhost:SERVER_PORT where `SERVER_PORT` = `config.http.port`


Note that if you don't do step 5, the files being served are NOT from the webpack dev server - it's from the built files from `npm run build`. For live changes, make sure to do step 5.

## API Tests

Run `npm test`
